== Mediawiker 1.1.0 ==
* New command: {{Command|Open in browser}}.

== Mediawiker 1.2.0 ==
* Possibility to use files as wiki pages: [https://github.com/tosher/Mediawiker/pull/3 pull-request].

== Mediawiker 1.3.0 ==
* New command: {{Command|Add category}}.

== Mediawiker 1.4.0 ==
* New command: {{Command|Enumerate TOC}}.

== Mediawiker 1.5.0 ==
* Mark changes as minor.

== Mediawiker 1.6.0 ==
* Snippets:
** {{Snippet|Heading level 2}}
** {{Snippet|Heading level 3}}
** {{Snippet|Heading level 4}}
** {{Snippet|Internal link}}
** {{Snippet|Numbered list}}
** {{Snippet|Unnumbered list}}
** {{Snippet|External link}}
** {{Snippet|Source tag}}
* Some changes for future st3 compatibility.

== Mediawiker 1.7.0 ==
* Shortcut for {{Command|Enumerate TOC}} was removed;
* Shortcut for Mediawiker Command Palette was added;
* New command: {{Command|CSV to wiki table}} for wiki tables generation from selected csv-text. Check settings for table properties.

== Mediawiker 1.8.0 ==
* New command: {{Command|Reopen page}};
* Sublime Text3 compatibility changes.

== Mediawiker 2.0.0 ==
* Support for Sublime Text 3;
* {{Command|Edit panel}} is used instead of sub-Context menu for easy using with keyboard. Also {{Command|Edit panel}} can be called with <kbd>Alt-F1</kbd> shortcut;
* Some shortcuts was changed or removed:
** <kbd>Alt-F10</kbd> instead of <kbd>Alt-F1</kbd> for {{Command|Pages history}} command (select from history of posted pages);
** Shortcut for {{Command|Set category}} command was removed.
* Some of the commands was changed in this version for easy using in configuration. Please, recreate your key bindings configuration if you changed the original values;
* Possibility to connect to wiki sites with HTTPS protocol was added as experimental option. Add {{Property|https}} parameter with <code>true</code> value to site options for using it.

== Mediawiker 2.1.0 ==
* New options:
** New command: {{Command|Insert image}} from wiki list (by predefined prefix - minimal prefix length can be changed in configuration: {{Property|mediawiker_image_prefix_min_length}});
** New command: {{Command|Insert Template}} from wiki list;
** New command: {{Command|Search}} - results will be shown in new tab in markdown format, result count limited by {{Property|mediawiker_search_results_count}}option in configuration;
** New command: {{Command|Category tree}};
* Proxy connection - use {{Property|proxy_host}} parameter: <code>"proxy_host": "ip.address:port"</code> in site configuration.

== Mediawiker 2.2.0 ==
* Command {{Command|Wiki table to Simple}} was rewritten.

== Mediawiker 2.3.0 ==
* Mediawiker sub-menu was moved from "File" to "Tools" menu;
* Context menu was removed;
* {{Command|Set category}} command was changed - possibility to change root category on request, possibility to move by category tree to sub-categories.

== Mediawiker 2.3.1 ==
* Password input hiding ({{Property|mediawiker_password_input_hide}} option in settings, default: <code>false</code>). When turned on (<code>true</code>) password characters will be replaced with <code>*</code> in input panel.

== Mediawiker 2.3.2 ==
* Unicode symbol <code>•</code> as default password character (in hidden mode);
* Password and snippets characters in configuration for easy customizing: {{Property|mediawiker_password_char}}, {{Property|mediawiker_snippet_char}}.

== Mediawiker 2.3.3 ==
* HTTP Basic, Digest Authorization support (experimental);
* Snippets: {{Snippet|Strike}}, {{Snippet|Pre}}.

== Mediawiker 2.3.4 ==
* SSL and HTTPS under linux (Thanx to Will Bond's solution from SFTP plugin);
* <code>.no-sublime-package</code> was added.

== Mediawiker 2.3.5 ==
* New command: {{Command|mediawiker_cli_command}} for possibility to create protocol handler like <code>mediawiker://</code>. Check [https://github.com/tosher/Mediawiker/wiki/Mediawiker%20protocol%20handler wiki] for instructions;
* Small changes in syntax highlighting: highlighting in templates value blocks, bold and italic scopes was backed up to original, correct scopes;
* Improved for mediawiki syntax color schemes was added: Eiffel (Mediawiki), Twilight (Mediawiki): bold as bold, italic as italic, different background for templates value blocks;
* Shortuts under the linux commented by default, only {{Command|Edit Panel}} enabled. All shortcuts moved to <kbd>Ctrl+Shift+Fn</kbd> scheme.

== Mediawiker 2.3.6 ==
New commands for links management for opened page:
* {{Command|Show internal links}}
* {{Command|Show external links}} - external wiki links like <code>[link..]</code>.

== Mediawiker 2.3.7 ==
* Scope <code>text.html.mediawiki</code> for snippets.

== Mediawiker 2.3.8 ==
* New command: {{Command|Favorite pages}}, {{Command|Add to favorites}}.

== Mediawiker 2.3.9 ==
* Mediawiker specific shortcuts:
** <kbd>ctrl+b</kbd> - bold;
** <kbd>ctrl+i</kbd> - italic;
** <kbd>ctrl+alt+(2, 3, 4)</kbd> - heading of 2, 3 and 4 levels;
** <kbd>f5</kbd> - reopen page (refresh);
** <kbd>ctrl+s</kbd> - post page (optional, check new option {{Property|mediawiker_wiki_instead_editor}}.
* Possibility to create new shortcuts in mediawiker context ({{Property|mediawiker_is_here}}) - for examples, check sublime-keymap files.

== Mediawiker 2.4.0 ==
* {{Command|Add/edit wiki site}} setup wizard;
* Mediawiker environment shortcuts fix;
* {{Snippet|kbd}} tag snippet (mw_kbd, <kbd>Ctrl+Alt+K</kbd>).

== Mediawiker 2.4.1 ==
* Auto completions for internal links;
** Configuration option {{Property|mediawiker_search_namespaces}} is used to define namespaces for search pages (default: <code>0</code>). Example: <code>"0,500"</code>;
** Configuration option {{Property|mediawiker_page_prefix_min_length}} defines minimal page prefix length for auto complete.

== Mediawiker 2.4.2 ==
* Fixed lost command in command palette: {{Command|Open page in browser}}.

== Mediawiker 2.4.3 ==
* Show headings in Symbol list by <kbd>Ctrl+R</kbd> (https://github.com/tosher/Mediawiker/issues/28).

== Mediawiker 2.4.4 ==
* Custom ssl loader was removed. Package control 3.0 now required for work on linux.

== Mediawiker 2.4.5 ==
* Password hiding in setup wizard.

== Mediawiker 2.4.6 ==
* Option {{Property|mediawiker_skip_summary}} to skip page summary on posting (default: <code>false</code>).

== Mediawiker 2.5.0 ==
* Multi-site support - own wiki site per Sublime text's view (tab). Now, {{Property|mediawiker_site_active}} setting is used as default site for new views. But, on opening a page from existing view it's own settings will be inherited;
* New command to show other languages versions of the current page: {{Command|Show language links}}. On opening page with selected language, active site will be automatically switched to the respective language version site. For example, from english page on <code>en.wikipedia.org</code> we want to open italian version of this page - active site will be switched to <code>it.wikipedia.org</code> for italian version view.

{{Note|This version supports the possibility to switch between the language versions only for the sites using domain name scheme like <code>*lang_prefix*.site.com</code>, e.g. <code>en.wikipedia.org</code>. Other schemes can be added in future.}}

{{Note|Selected language version site settings must be in preferences for work with it's pages.}}

== Mediawiker 2.5.1 ==
* With selected text, {{Command|Show language links}} tries to show language links for it;
* Selected language link can be opened as page or it's name can be used as replacement for currently selected text (first region only in multiselect mode).

== Mediawiker 2.5.2 ==
* <code>Scratch</code> property for opened/reopened/published page.

== Mediawiker 2.5.3 ==
* Syntax highlighting for {{Tag|source}} tag;
* {{Tag|uml}} tag highlighting.

== Mediawiker 2.5.4 ==
* Showing source of the read only pages was fixed.

== Mediawiker 2.5.5 ==
* <kbd>Ctrl+s</kbd> saves the file when the opened page has a link to a file on disk.

== Mediawiker 2.5.6 ==
* New improved <code>MediawikiNG.tmLanguage</code> is used by default and defined in settings with {{Property|mediawiker_syntax}} option. Old version is available too;
* Updated <code>Mediawiker_Dark.tmTheme</code> and new <code>Mediawiker_Light.tmTheme</code> color schemes with improved highlighting.

== Mediawiker 2.5.7 ==
* Comparing page revision with server on post. Can be switched off by {{Property|mediawiker_validate_revision_on_post}} option in settings.

== Mediawiker 3.0.0 ==
* '''MWClient''' library was updated to version [https://github.com/mwclient/mwclient 0.8.0];
* Autocompletion optimizations.

== Mediawiker 3.0.1 ==
* New command: {{Command|Show links to page}} - pages with backlinks and pages transcludes current.

== Mediawiker 3.0.2 ==
* Site option {{Property|is_ssl_cert_verify}} for possibility to switch SSL certificate validation on site (for self-signed certificates on corporate wikies). Default value: <code>true</code>;
* Caching site connection.

== Mediawiker 3.0.3 ==
* Proxy connection fix (support in '''mwclient''' library);
* Lists auto-continuation by <kbd>Enter</kbd> key.

== Mediawiker 3.0.4 ==
* Configurable markdown syntax for search results page: {{Property|mediawiker_search_syntax}} option in the settings. Default value: <code>"Packages/Markdown/Markdown.tmLanguage"</code>;
* Small changes in search results page: search words highlighting, etc.

== Mediawiker 3.0.5 ==
* New experimental command: {{Command|Open inline}} - context menu item for opening pages under cursor;
* Automatic activation of Lua language syntax for Scribunto module pages (thnx. to [https://github.com/Adadov @Adadov] for idea and [https://github.com/tosher/Mediawiker/pull/59 pull-request]).

== Mediawiker 3.0.6 ==
* Fix: Language independent syntax setup for opened page.

== Mediawiker 3.0.7 ==
* {{Snippet|h5}} headings snippet;
* List ends improvements;
* Headings conversion improvements.

== Mediawiker 3.0.8 ==
* New command: <code>Page preview</code>.

== Mediawiker 3.0.9 ==

=== Page preview ===
* Option {{Property|mediawiki_preview_lang}} (default: <code>en</code>) - language value, used in preview;
* Option {{Property|mediawiki_preview_file}} (default: <code>Wiki_page_preview_</code>):
** If defined as prefix (default) - preview will be generated as temporary file - new on each try;
** If defined as filename (like <code>Wiki_page_preview.html</code>) - html preview-file will be generated in <code>User</code> folder, opened in new tab and first time in browser. But if preview-tab is already exists - html file will be regenerated only, without opening in browser - for possibility to just use '''Reload''' in browser or some auto-reloading plugins.

=== Open inline ===
As command or from Context menu.
* Selected text opening as page;
* Internal link opening by cursor position on it (links with spaces are not supported);
* Templates in '''Template''' and '''Main''' (starts with <code>:</code> prefix) namespaces;
* [https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Extension:Scribunto Scribunto] functions.

=== Get notifications ===
* Show [https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Notifications notifications] as menu;
* Option {{Property|mediawiki_notifications_show_all}} (default: <code>true</code>) - show all or only unread notifications;
* On opening any page from site - plugin runs the check for new unread notifications.

{{Note|Must be supported by wiki-site (extension installed or with in-core support).}}

== Mediawiker 3.1.0 ==
* Fixes, improvements.

== Mediawiker 3.1.1 ==
=== Get notifications command ===
* Notifications sorting by <code>read</code> property;
* Notifications <code>read</code> sign character in the settings. Parameter {{Property|mediawiki_notifications_read_sign}}, default value: <code>" \u2713"</code>.

== Mediawiker 3.1.2 ==
=== Page preview command ===
* Dynamic generation of geshi highlighting css;
* Possibility to add custom lines to <code>head</code> part of preview html page for advanced css or javascript using:

: Parameter {{Property|preview_custom_head}} with list of lines, for example:

<source lang="javascript1">
"English wikipedia":
{
    "domain": "",
    "host": "en.wikipedia.org",
    "https": true,
    "pagepath": "/wiki/",
    "password": "",
    "path": "/w/",
    "username": "",
    "preview_custom_head": [
        "<link rel=\"stylesheet\" href=\"%(http)s://%(host)s%(path)sload.php?...;lang=%(lang)s...\"/>",
        "<link rel=\"stylesheet\" href=\"%(http)s://%(host)s%(path)sload.php?debug=false&amp;lang=%(lang)...\"/>",
        "<script async=\"\" src=\"%(http)s://%(host)s%(path)sload.php?debug=false&amp;lang=%(lang)s...\"></script>"
    ]
}
</source>

=== Variables in strings ===
Wiki site based variables available in strings:

* <code>%(http)s</code> - site protocol value (<code>http</code>/<code>https</code>), based on {{Property|https}} parameter;
* <code>%(host)s</code> - site address value, based on {{Property|host}} parameter;
* <code>%(path)s</code> - api path value, based on {{Property|path}} parameter;
* <code>%(lang)s</code> - lang value, based on global {{Property|mediawiki_preview_lang}} parameter.

== Mediawiker 3.1.3 ==

=== Page preview command ===
* Parameter {{Property|preview_custom_head}} is a [http://jinja.pocoo.org/docs/dev/ Jinja2] template (splitted by lines).

=== Variables changes ===
Variables are Jinja2 template [http://jinja.pocoo.org/docs/dev/templates/#variables variables]:
* <code>http</code> - site protocol value (<code>http</code>/<code>https</code>), based on {{Property|https}} parameter;
* <code>host</code> - site address value, based on {{Property|host}} parameter;
* <code>path</code> - api path value, based on {{Property|path}} parameter;
* <code>lang</code> - lang value, based on global {{Property|mediawiki_preview_lang}} parameter.

== Mediawiker 3.1.4 ==

=== Page preview command ===

* Default <code>head</code> part of preview html was moved to settings parameter {{Property|mediawiki_preview_head}} as [http://jinja.pocoo.org/docs/dev/ Jinja2] template.

{{Note|Data, defined by {{Property|preview_custom_head}} parameter (in wiki site's parameters) will be used instead of data, defined by {{Property|mediawiki_preview_head}}. If both values are required, needs to define all lines in {{Property|preview_custom_head}}.}}

=== New variable ===
* <code>geshi_css</code> - dynamic [https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Extension:SyntaxHighlight GeSHi Source Highlighting] css rules, based on page's source (both tags {{Tag|source}} and {{Tag|syntaxhighlight}} are supported).

== Mediawiker 3.1.5 ==

=== Text blocks folding possibilities ===
Support folding/unfolding for:
* Headings - by target header, by header level (2, 3, 4, 5);
* Templates;
* Tags (customizable list of tags, check {{Property|mediawiker_fold_tags}} option). Default: <code>source, syntaxhighlight, div, pre</code>;
* All text blocks - all templates, tags.

=== Standard shortcuts ===
* Fold block: <kbd>Ctrl+Shift+[</kbd>;
* Unfold block: <kbd>Ctrl+Shift+]</kbd>.

=== Gutters folding ===
* {{Property|mediawiker_use_gutters_folding}} option for switching on/off gutters for text blocks. Default: <code>true</code>;
* Fold text block by moving mouse over the gutter.

=== New commands ===
* {{Command|Fold}}
* {{Command|Fold Level 2}}
* {{Command|Fold Level 3}}
* {{Command|Fold Level 4}}
* {{Command|Fold Level 5}}
* {{Command|Fold text blocks}}
* {{Command|Unfold}}
* {{Command|Unfold Level 2}}
* {{Command|Unfold Level 3}}
* {{Command|Unfold Level 4}}
* {{Command|Unfold Level 5}}
* {{Command|Unfold text blocks}}

{{Note|Also available in '''Tools''' menu.}}

== Mediawiker 3.1.6 ==

* Fixed bug for page opening with folding gutters;
* Improved logic for templates folding.

== Mediawiker 3.1.7 ==

=== Source refactoring ===
* All commands was moved to its own modules.

=== Syntax highlighting fixes, improvements ===
* Fix: Table highlighting with first row tag omitted (<code>|-</code>);
* Fix: Highlighting of template parameters lines started from new line with space char before <code>|</code> delimiter - the conflict with space-predefined text;
* Fix: {{Tag|gallery}} tag with <code>File:</code>\<code>Image:</code> prefix omitted;
* Fix: {{Tag|ref}} tag highlighting;
* New: {{Tag|blockquote}}, {{Tag|center}} tags support.

=== Popup menu ===
* Popup menu for selected text;
* Popup menu for text markup blocks.

=== Folding ===
* Mouse over the gutters folding was replaced with popup menu options;
* {{Command|Open inline}} command was replaced with popup menu options.

=== Snippets ===
* New {{Snippet|Code}} snippet

=== Known bugs ===
* Sublime crash on opening some templates from popup menu without write-permissions.

{{Note|Restart required after update.}}

== Mediawiker 3.1.9 ==

=== Mwclient library update ===
* Mwclient internal library was partly synced with latest original [http://mwclient.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html version].

=== Syntax highlighting ===
* New highlighting scheme in new '''sublime-syntax''' engine (for ST3) as a default scheme.
** Improvements in highlighting;
** Tests for validation (<code>syntax_test_mediawikerng.mediawiki</code>);
** Old tmLanguage versions for ST2 compatibility only - needs to set correct value in configuration (<code>Mediawiki_ST2.tmLanguage</code> or <code>MediawikiNG_ST2.tmLanguage</code>).

=== Comments (pre-beta, unfinished) ===
* Possibility to create/edit internal notes for selected text blocks - notes will be stored in Sublime text only.
** Some magic words are supported in notes: '''TODO''', '''NOTE''', '''WARNING'''.

=== OAuth authorization ===
* [http://mwclient.readthedocs.io/en/latest/user/connecting.html#oauth OAuth authorization] support.

=== HTTPS as default proto ===
* For sites without https support, option {{Property|https}} with <code>false</code> is required.

== Mediawiker 3.1.10 ==
* Page preview fix.

== Mediawiker 3.1.14 ==
* Deprecation warnings from mwclient were suppressed;
* New popup configurator for most important settings ({{Command|Configurator}} command);
* Asynchronous page publishing.

== Mediawiker 3.1.15 ==
* '''ST3''': Syntax highlighting fixes;
* '''ST3''': Lost dependency fix: pygments.


== Mediawiker 3.1.16 ==
* '''ST3''': Authorization on wiki sites using browser's cookies (Firefox, Chrome), based on '''Browsercookie''' packet [https://bitbucket.org/richardpenman/browsercookie browsercookie], [https://github.com/borisbabic/browser_cookie3 browser_cookie3] with some modifications for compatibility;
** New option: {{Property|authorization_type}} - <code>"oauth"</code> / <code>"cookies"</code> / <code>"login"</code>, default <code>"login"</code>;
** New option: {{Property|cookies_browser}} - <code>"firefox"</code> / <code>"chrome"</code>, default <code>"chrome"</code>;
* '''ST3''': Configurator was refactored, all external dependencies were removed.

== Mediawiker 3.1.17 ==
* Fixed: removed prints html data in ST's console when using {{Command|Configurator}};
* Fixed: requirement of the site parameters {{Property|username}}, {{Property|password}} when using cookies autorization type;
* New: plugin messages will be shown in plugin's output panel by default, intead of status string. It can be turned off by new {{Property|use_status_messages_panel}} option;
* New: optional global parameters {{Property|mediawiker_firefox_cookie_files}}, {{Property|mediawiker_chrome_cookie_files}} for manual setup pathes to browser's cookies - value can be a string or a list of strings;
* New: Optional site configuration option {{Property|retry_timeout}} to define http connection timeout (in seconds).

== Mediawiker 3.2.0 ==

=== Connection ===
* Refactoring, fixes;
* Fixed: connection timeout, retry operations;
* More asynchronous non-blocking operations.

=== Syntax highlighting (ST3) ===
* Fixed: heading with attributed html tags inside;
* Fixed: file links with internal links or formatting styles inside;
* More syntax tests.

=== Popups ===
* Images preview inside popups (can be switched off by {{Property|mediawiker_show_image_in_popup}} option in settings);
* Fixed: popups for multi templates in line.

=== Other ===
* Fixed: Correct display of the content of headers containing html tags.

== Mediawiker 3.3.0 ==

* New mediawiki markup parser, used for all commands.

=== Changelog ===
* Plugin's changelog was moved to <code>Preferences / Package Settings / Mediawiker / Changelog</code>;
* Changelog will be shown in human readable format;
* It can be called by new command {{Command|Changelog}} too.

{{Note|Original data for changelog saved in <code>Changelog.mediawiki</code> in mediawiki format inside the plugin's folder.}}

=== Commands changes ===
* New command {{Command|Move page}} for moving/renaming pages;
* New commands {{Command|Show red links}}, {{Command|Hide red links}}. Also, possibility to show red links in automatic mode, based on site parameter {{Property|show_red_links}}, default: <code>false</code> (maybe slow on some pages with many links);
* {{Command|Search}} command results will be shown in mediawiki format instead of markdown;
* {{Command|Cli}} - fixed opening pages with national characters in title;
* {{Command|Fold}} - fixed headings folding - for example, folding of heading with level 2 - will folds all headings with 3, 4, 5 levels inside;
* {{Command|Add/edit wiki site}} was removed;
* {{Command|Configurator}}:
** New option to add new wiki site;
** Human readable option names instead of parameters based names;
** Many fixes and improvements.
* {{Command|Page preview}}:
** Used static file <code>mediawiker_preview_file.html</code> in <code>User</code> folder for preview html generation;
** Tab (view) option {{Property|Autoreload}} ('''Generate a preview after each Nth change''') - calls automatic generation of preview on every Nth change, without opening page in browser. By default, this parameter has value <code>0</code> - autogeneration not processed and page will be opened on every {{Command|Page preview}} command call;
** When option {{Property|Autoreload}} is set to value more than <code>0</code> - in the status bar will display the number of changes that were made;
** <code>Mediawiki:Common.css</code> - included in the preview result to support custom css rules from wiki site.
* {{Command|Post page}} - fixed double entry of postfix in the summary message (defined by {{Property|mediawiker_summary_postfix}});
* Commands {{Command|Show internal links}}, {{Command|Show external links}} now based on native Mediawiki API.

'''Live preview scenario''':
* With <code>autoreload</code> as <code>0</code> call {{Command|Page preview}} - page will be opened in browser.
* With {{Command|Configurator}} change <code>Generate a preview after each Nth change</code> option in '''Tab options''' - preview will be regenerated after each Nth change.

{{Note|In browser autoreloading can be processed by extensions like [https://addons.mozilla.org/ru/firefox/addon/auto-reload/?src=api Auto Reload (Firefox)] - just point changes trigger to preview file.}}

{{Note|Commands {{Command|Show red links}}, {{Command|Hide red links}} and option {{Property|Autoreload}} for command {{Command|Page preview}} are available in Sublime Text 3 only.}}

=== Connection ===
* Site connections manager was rewritten;
* Connection to wiki site with Firefox cookies was improved with realtime update on cookies changes (<code>browser_cookie3</code> library was changed).

=== Settings ===
* All settings in configuration have the same prefix <code>mediawiker_</code>, old settings without this prefix or with prefix <code>mediawiki_</code> will be replaced automatically.
* Some setting will be removed:
** {{Property|mediawiki_search_syntax}} - now, mediawiki format will be always used;
** {{Property|mediawiker_preview_file}} - static file <code>mediawiker_preview_file.html</code> will be used always;
** {{Property|mediawiker_config_html}} - use {{Property|mediawiker_css_html}} instead. All css properties can be replaced with custom values.

{{Note|{{Property|mediawiker_config_html}} used only in {{Command|Configurator}} currently.}}

=== Syntax Highlighting ===
* Fixed incorrect matching of the inline markup tags in template without parameter's names;
* Fixed many errors with embedded source scopes.

=== Popups ===
* Image size in popups can be changed with {{Property|mediawiker_popup_image_size}}, default <code>300px</code>;
* Popups for tables;
* Red links support in popups;
* Fixes of links, templates popups.

== Mediawiker 3.3.1 ==
* Fixed error with empty User settings.

== Mediawiker 3.3.2 ==
* Fixed: Templates and other non-headings staff showing in <code>Symbol list</code>.

== Mediawiker 3.3.3 ==
* New global option {{Property|mediawiker_popup_type}} with possible values of <code>auto</code> (default value - to show popups with autohide), <code>manual</code> (to show popups without autohiding), <code>off</code> (do not show popups globally);
* New tab option {{Property|Turn off popups}} - not show popups in current tab. This option can be set with {{Command|Configurator}};
* Now, popup will hide on typing.

== Mediawiker 3.3.4 ==
* New command: {{Command|Open talk page}} - for fast way to open talk pages;
* Possibility to open talk page from popups.

== Mediawiker 3.3.5 ==
* New command: {{Command|Show unsaved changes}} - shows differencies between local and server versions. Thanks to [https://github.com/scholer @scholer] for command {{Command|Page diff vs. server version}} from his [https://github.com/scholer/Mediawiker/blob/master/mediawiker.py#L595 fork], the new command is based on it;
* Allowing unvalued attributes in <code>Syntaxhighlight</code> tags. Thanks to [https://github.com/smanolloff @smanolloff] for pull-request.

== Mediawiker 3.3.6 ==
* Fixed: variables popup;
* Fixed: error <code>Unable to decode Packages/Mediawiker/img/gutter_h1.png</code>;
* Fixed: authorization with Chrome's cookies;
* Fixed: save page messages in plugin's panel.

== Mediawiker 3.3.7 ==
* Fixed: notifications check while page opening.

== Mediawiker 3.3.8 ==
* Fixed: incorrect notification command import.

== Mediawiker 3.3.9 ==
* New option {{Property|mediawiker_show_gutters}} - possibility to turn of gutters showing;
* Fixed: plugin's events run without checking view;
* Fixed: {{Command|Page preview}} not works on OSX.

== Mediawiker 3.4.0 ==
* New option {{Property|mediawiker_offline_mode}} - possibility to work offline with files in mediawiki markup. For correct showing of <code>Edit panel</code> in offline mode, please, readd edit panel components if you use customized list (<code>false</code>/<code>true</code>, default: <code>false</code>);
* Fixed: opening talk pages in namespaces: <code>User</code>, <code>Mediawiki</code>, <code>Project</code>.
* Fixed: {{Command|Page preview}} not works on OSX (lost in 3.3.9).

== Mediawiker 3.4.1 ==
* Subpages support (beta)
* New snippet: {{Snippet|syntaxhighlight}}, with trigger <code>wss</code>. Thanks to [https://github.com/rabin-io @rabin-io].

== Mediawiker 3.4.2 ==
* Upload file from url with the same way as from local path;
* New command: {{Command|Open section of a page}} - possibility to edit page's section instead of whole page;
** Also, section can be opened by title like <code>Page_name::Section_number</code>.
* Properties loading refactoring.

== Mediawiker 3.4.3 ==
* Lost command {{Command|Open section of a page}}

== Mediawiker 3.4.4 ==
* Default/User settings in one window
* Extension [https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Extension:Html5mediator Html5mediator] tag support ({{Tag|html5media}})
* Search fix
* Commands visibility in offline mode

== Mediawiker 3.4.5 ==
* Save page reasult showing fix
* Upload file fix

== Mediawiker 3.4.6 ==
* Fix for Firefox cookie reader
* Parsing/highlighting fixes for {{Tag|nowiki}} tag
* Parsing fixes for greedy {{Tag|source}}/{{Tag|syntaxhighlight}}/{{Tag|pre}} tags, comments, etc.
* [https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Extension:CategoryTree CategoryTree] extension tag support ({{Tag|categorytree}})
* Page save with empty summary fix
* Experimental new command {{Command|Copy remote page}} for copying pages from one wiki to another (with templates and files, optional).

== Mediawiker 3.4.7 ==
* Fixed error in command {{Command|Show unsaved changes}}

== Mediawiker 3.4.8 ==
* Notifications sorting by read flag, then by timestamp (inverted)

== Mediawiker 3.4.9 ==
* Fixed OAuth (pull-request by [https://github.com/danmichaelo @danmichaelo])
* Customized Lua, CSS, JavaScript syntaxes (with settings: {{Property|mediawiker_syntax_lua}}, {{Property|mediawiker_syntax_css}}, {{Property|mediawiker_syntax_js}})

== Mediawiker 3.4.10 ==
* Syntax highlighting fixes

== Mediawiker 3.4.11 ==
* ParserFunctions folding improvements

== Mediawiker 3.4.12 ==
* New variable for {{Property|preview_custom_head}} Jinja template - <code>title</code> as page title.

== Mediawiker 3.5.0 ==
* Sublime text 2 is not supported anymore. Please, use Sublime text 3.
* Prefix <code>mediawiker_</code> was removed from the plugin settings. User settings will be auto-converted into the new format.
* Project settings support (overrides user settings). Options must be defined with <code>mediawiker.</code> prefix, example: <code>mediawiker.skip_summary</code>.
* Syntax highlighting for magic words was improved.
* Popups for Parser/String/Variable functions has a link to help page.

== Mediawiker 3.5.1 ==
* New theme, based on <code>base16-classic-dark</code> (<code>base16-classic-dark.mediawiker.tmTheme</code>). All the plugin's themes files moved to <code>themes</code> subdirectory, please change your settings if you have it in your configuration.
* Syntax highlighting fixes
* History and favorites pages showing by site's {{Property|host}} value (settings option {{Property|show_favorites_and_history_by_site_host}})
* Command {{Command|Set category}} was updated
* Command {{Command|Select wiki}} was updated
* New command {{Command|Page preview in sandbox}} - preview page generation in user-defined rewritable "sandbox" page on wiki site. Sandbox page must be defined with site's option {{Property|preview_sandbox}}, for example: <code>"preview_sanbox": "User:WikiUserName/sandbox"</code>. Auto-reloading works in the same manner as with command {{Command|Page preview}}.

{{Note|Command {{Command|Page preview in sandbox}} doesn't require any additional settings like css or js scripts.}}

== Mediawikier 3.5.2 ==
* Using <kbd>Command</kbd> key for base OSX shortcuts (Save, Bold, Italic, etc.)
* Using page language specific syntax for new page comment

== Mediawikier 3.5.3 ==
* Template highlighting fix

== Mediawikier 3.5.4 ==
* Ability to create child wiki sites with the same settings as the parent host: site option {{Property|parent}}, example:

<source lang="javascript1">
"Italian wikipedia":
{
    "host": "it.wikipedia.org",
    "parent": "en.wikipedia.org"
}
</source>

* New command {{Command|Add single sign-on wiki}} for easy way to create child wiki site in the settings.

== Mediawikier 3.5.5 ==
* Default site settings fix

== Mediawikier 3.5.6 ==
* Status reports were splitted into success and error messages. Option {{Property|use_panel_on_success}} (default: <code>true</code>) to show success messages on panel, {{Property|use_panel_on_error}} (default: <code>true</code>) to show error messages. If option value is <code>false</code>, messages will be shown on status line. Old option {{Property|use_status_messages_panel}} was removed.

== Mediawikier 3.5.7 ==
* New command {{Command|Reopen all}} (beta) - reopen all opened pages from wiki (if the page has no unsaved changes).

== Mediawikier 3.5.8 ==
* Fixed command {{Command|Open page in browser}} for child hosts (parent wiki settings ignoring).

== Mediawikier 3.5.9 ==
* Site-level option {{Property|search_namespaces}}, it overrides the global value.

== Mediawikier 3.6.0 ==
* Changelog generator fix: source code parsing
* {{Command|Post page}} - possibility to set prefix for summary messages (defined by {{Property|summary_prefix}}) (#153, pull-request by [https://github.com/RheingoldRiver @RheingoldRiver])
* Show name of current wiki in input panel on opening page (#154, pull-request by [https://github.com/RheingoldRiver @RheingoldRiver])
* (#151) Possibility to disable search/autocompletions on site level by set {{Property|search_namespaces}} to <code>disabled</code> value.
* (#152) Remember summary text on failed posts
* (#143) Possibility to use [http://jinja.pocoo.org/docs/dev/ Jinja2] template for new pages predefined text. Option {{Property|new_page_template_path}} defines template file name in <code>Packages/User</code> folder or absolute path to template file. Available variables for template rendering:
** <code>site_name</code>: wiki site name from settings
** <code>page_namespace</code>: namespace of the new page
** <code>page_name</code>: name of the new page
** <code>page_text</code>: default text of the new page (generated by plugin)

Template example (<code>wiki_new_page.j2</code>):

<source lang="jinja">
{%- if page_namespace == 828 -%}
    {%- if (page_name|lower).endswith('/doc') -%}
        Doc specific text in Scribunto extension namespace
    {%- elif (page_name|lower).endswith('/i18n') -%}
        I18n specific text in Scribunto extension namespace
    {% endif %}
{% else -%}
    {# NOTE: default text #}
    {{ page_text }}
{% endif %}
</source>

== Mediawikier 3.6.1 ==
* Changelog opening in browser fix (MacOS)
* Template for new pages can be a wiki page. Set option {{Property|new_page_template_path}} in format <code>wiki:{template_page_name}</code>
* Template for new pages can be opened via:
** Edit panel
** Menu Tools/Mediawiker/Open template for new pages

== Mediawikier 3.6.2 ==
* Fix broken flag (<code>!</code>) for inverting option {{Property|mark_as_minor}} value on page post.
* Fix saved summary message, without prefix and postfix

== Mediawikier 3.6.3 ==
* Cookie reader engine update with latest [https://github.com/borisbabic/browser_cookie3 browser_cookie3] and [https://github.com/Legrandin/pycryptodome pycryptodome].
* Experimental support for API <code>clientlogin</code> for authorization with Mediawiki >= 1.27.
* {{Command|Page open}} <code>inherit_suffix</code> available in new page template. Just open new page in format <code>PageName&lt;-InheritSuffix</code>.

== Mediawikier 3.6.4 ==
* Completions fix for multispace-titles

== Mediawikier 3.6.5 ==
* Completions fix for multispace-titles (try 2)

== Mediawikier 3.6.6 ==
* Fix encoding on Chrome's cookies reading

== Mediawikier 3.6.7 ==
* Popups are turned off on non-mediawiki syntax pages
* Popup priority for link popup instead of selected when selected text is equal to link page name

== Mediawikier 3.6.8 ==
* Possibility to connect to wiki site with authorization types "login", "oauth" if Crypto library doesn't available (module browser_cookie3 not works): #173 (ST4, Macos, M1)

== Mediawikier 3.6.9 ==
* Possibility to connect to wiki site with authorization type "cookie" and cookies_browser "firefox" if Crypto library doesn't available (module browser_cookie3 not works): #173 (ST4, Macos, M1)

== Mediawikier 3.6.10 ==
* Multiple realms support for HTTP Authorization

== Mediawikier 3.6.11 ==
* New option {{Property|not_translate_tabs_on_page_open}} to prevent tabs translation when opening the page (default: <code>False</code>).

== Mediawikier 3.6.12 ==
* Command palette - plugin's commands visibility fixes

== Mediawikier 3.6.13 ==
* Tag <code>math</code> attributes support

== Mediawikier 3.6.14 ==
* Headings folding fix
